Personally I have not really traveled so much in planes and trains and
automobiles in the military. Basically you just go to work and it's
just like a full time job. You go there, you do your job ,and you go
home in your own car. However there are some opportunities you know,
few and far between, that you do get to ride in the cool, or at least
see the cool military vehicles. So for instance when I got to my
first aircraft carrier I did something that most people don't do,
I actually flew in because they were fighting the Iraq war. I actually
flew in on a huge jet to land on the aircraft carrier. Mostly only
the officers do that, they're the ones who take off in the jets on
the aircraft carrier. Also if you're on leave, you can actually take
off in a jet to go to different places in America and across the world
as long as you're on leave and you have the right permission to.
So you can go from a military base, we call Space-A flights, and it's
either cheap or very very free. But otherwise you don't really get
to do it so much. The thing I used to do was I would go up on vulture's
row, which is like one of the highest points on the aircraft
carrier, and you see the jets take off. So that's about as close as
I could get to dealing with Navy jets.